Wang Ao
4 x leaks
failed 2 x hidden test case -4
insert to a position before 0 will cause a segfault
in function Find redundant use of the if statement at line 183 since if it reaches there, the if statement already satisfies -1
redundant use of else statement in line 186 since it can never reach there.-1
in function Delete if it is the first node it will not delete but instead cause a mem leak.-3
in function Insert inserting to a position before 0 will cause a segfault
author param is empty in the file header


Benjamin Julian M. Larin
failed test cases 2, 4, 5 both gnu & ms
failed 2 hidden test cases
insert to a position before 0 will add to end
file header states assignment 1, but this is lab 2
in function Delete, dont have to use keyword struct when instantiating ptr of a struct in c++.
in function insert, when node is added to postion 0 (front) should call AddToFront, your implementation of it makes it that when there is an empty list it will not insert.
Likewise when it is supposed to insert ar end, use AddToEnd.
in function Concat, if list 1 is empty will cause a seg fault, since line 260 will cause it.


Jiang Chuqiao
failed test case 0 for both gnu & ms
in function Insert, will add to end when position is 1
will insert elsewhere when position is less than 0
calling MakeNode at the start while also calling AddToFront or AddToEnd will cause a memory leak
1 x leak
failed 4 hidden test cases

Chue Jun Hao
failed 2 hidden test cases
insert to a position before 0 will add to end

Andy Chan
failed 2 test cases
insert to a position before 0 will cause a seg fault



Chan Mun Leng Nicolette
4 x leak
failed 2 hidden test cases
insert to a position before 0 will cause a seg fault


Chan Wai Kit Terence
failed 2 hidden test cases
insert to a position before 0 will add elsewhere

Chan Yong Ching Claudia
no header for given fns
1 x leak
failed 2 hidden test cases
insert to a position before 0 will cause a seg fault

Chen Zhen Yuan
no header for some given fns
1 x leak
insert to a position before 0 will add elsewhere

Samuel Chee
makefile ms wrong .exe name - 5
deallocation error why didn't you use the given fn to FreeList? -20
messy indentation
insert to a position before 0 will add to end

Damian Chee Tai Ming
failed 2 hidden test cases
insert to a position before 0 will add elsewhere
one line above 90 at line 235, doxygen brief somewhat lenghty.

Teo Chin Ming
failed 2 hidden testcases
insert to a position before 0 will add elsewhere
delete the value 0 will cause a seg fault
unique function header

David Sathguru
in fn Insert, when the postion is 0 why didnt you just call the add to front?
failed 2 test cases.
will cause infinite loop when insert before 0
what if the position is below zero? shouldnt it just return, in doing so will result in mem leak since memory was already allocated before the if checks
one line above 80.

Favian Goh
3 x leak
makefile.gnu fails // wrong compile line, wrong .exe name, not out.exe 
makefile.ms fails  // wrong .exe name, not out.exe,  line 22 generating obj error
failed 2 hidden test cases
insert at position before 0 will insert elsewhere.
in function Insert, calling MakeNode at the start and calling AddToEnd right after will cause mem leak

Toh Gim Hsiang
failed 2 hidden test cases
insert at position before 0 will insert elsewhere.
Note: nice commenting, keep up the good work

Chong Huey Jia
incomplete brief, This is a.....
makefile.ms and makefile.gnu failed to compile out.exe
no assignment checklist
infinite loop on 1.in, 4.in, 5.in, all hidden test cases
In function insert, calling MakeNode at the start and using AddToFront will cause memory leak
In function insert if position is 0 or lower will cause inf loop. RMB else is always paired to closest if statement
In function Find, return nullptr would be more appopriate, please read the forums.
additional file makefile.microsoft

Tan I-hur
makefile.ms & gnu failed to create out.exe //wrong command line omit the 5.2.0 -20
compile failure on ms // potentially uninitialized variable before on line 178 and after                        -50
passed 2 test cases, failed the rest // in function insert, do note that 0 is the front of thelist not 1        -15
in function Find, will cause segfault if used on empty list, since you cant dereferance a nullptr.              -5
in function delete, did not shift the dangling ptr to a nullptr after delete.                
note:
do not fave to include your doxyfile in the submission, just the index.chm file as per stated in the brief. (no deductions for this assignment, but there will be for the next)

Chloe Lim Jia-Han
makefile.ms made main.exe, as per guidelines supposed to get out.exe
passed all test case and all hidden test case
in function concat would result in memory leak, did not call free list on list2 after
suggestion would to be not use makenode at all in this fn, and instead just shift the pointers.
4xleak.

James Chin Jia Jun
both makefile.gnu & makefile.ms do not have out directory 
nice degree you are pursuing, never heard of it.
other than that good job, you seem to have grasp the different edge cases possible.

Ng Jia Yi
4xleaks
in function Concat, repeatedly calling AddToEnd while not deleteing the node will result in leak
in function Delete, if the first Node would be deleted, will cause a leak.
in function Insert, if position is below 0 it would get a segfault.
failed 2 hidden test case.

Tan Jo Shin
makefile.ms failed to compile //EHsc flag not used
should just submit the index.chm file not the whole folder, please read the submission guidelines
in function Find, continue in line 137 is redundant, no deductions this time, but there will be for the next
3xleak
in function Delete, not deleting the node but ignoring it will result in memory leak
in function Insert, calling MakeNode and subsequently calling AddToFront or AddToEnd depending on the condition will result in memory leak
in function Insert, if the position is below 0, it will cause a seg fault
failed 2x hidden test case

Bryan Lim Jun Han
failed 2x hidden test case
in function Insert, adding to a position below 0 would result in AddToEnd.


Lau Jan Wei, Joshua
wrong folder name, do check before submitting
makefile.ms fail to compile, no /EHsc flag used
failed 3xtest cases
7xleak
in Function Delete, if first node to be deleted, will lose all node location which will result in leak aswell
failed 3 hidden test cases
In function Insert, will cause segfault is position is less than 0.

Amir Rafie
in function Delete, will have undefined behavior since you deleted your *pList and left it as a wild pointer ( line 208)
changing to *pList = dNode->next will resolve the problem. 
in doing so will result in infinite loops and memory leaks.
3x leaks
passed 2 test cases and 1 hidden test case, rest failed.
in function insert, will cause AddToEnd when position is less than 0.
Note:
I suggest you attend the lab session and ask if unsure.

Keith Tan Chee Hao
wrong folder name
makefile.ms failed
in fn insert, will addtoend when position is below 0
failed 2x hidden test case
no submission check list 

Ho Jun Hao 
wrong folder name
failed 2 hidden test cases
In Function insert will AddToEnd when position below 0.

Koh Joon Yee Marcus 
makefile.gnu failed to compile, you used -ansi when using c++ code.
makefile.ms failed to compile, no EHsc flag.
failed 2 hidden test cases
1xleak
in function insert, calling MakeNode and when conditions are met will call AddToEnd.

Chua Lip Ming
good job
100

Hiyoshi Nobuaki
1xleak
in function insert, calling MakeNode and when conditions are met will call AddToEnd.
failed 2 hidden test cases
In Function insert, will AddToEnd when position below 0.

Goh Rui San 
no makefile.ms
additional file makefile.microsoft.
In Function insert, will cause infinite loop when position less than 0.
failed 2 hidden test cases.

Melvin Jong
assignment number in brief is for the lab number
failed 2 hidden test cases
In Function insert, will cause infinite loop when position less than 0.

Eu Shee Kei
good job
In function Insert, should do AddToFront when position is less than 0, but good that you thought of that possibility.

tengyen.khoo
no submission checklist
no file header
failed 2 hidden test cases
In function Insert, will have segmentation fault when position is less than 0.

Choong Xue Ting 
Failed 2 hidden test cases.
In function Insert, when position is less than 0 will result in an infinite loop, since List->next = List which would result infinitely in printlist.

Kwek Yan Hong
Failed 2 hidden test cases.
In function Insert, will AddToEnd when position is less than 0.
Note:
when the function parameter is integer and not unsigned int, have to take into account negative numbers.